  Write Python programs using Functions: 
1. Python program to sort Python Dictionaries by Keys.(done)
2. Python program to sort Python Dictionaries by Values.(done) 
3. Python program to find the sum of all items in a dictionary.(done)
4. Python program to remove a key from a dictionary.(done)
5. Python program to merge two Dictionaries.(done)
6. Program to create a grade calculator in Python.
7. Print anagrams together in Python using List and Dictionary.
8. Check if binary representations of two numbers are an anagram. 
9. Python Counter to find the size of the largest subset of anagram words. 
10. Python Dictionary to find mirror characters in a string. 
11. Counting the frequencies in a list using a dictionary in Python. 
12. Python program to convert a list of Tuples into Dictionary. 
13. Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become the same.
14. Scraping And Finding Ordered Words In A Dictionary using Python. 
15. Create a list of tuples from the given list having a number and its cube in each tuple.
16. Sort a list of tuples by the second Item. 
17. Python Program for Insertion Sort, QuickSort, Selection, Bubble Sort and Merge Sort. 
18. Python program to convert time from 12 to 24-hour format(08:30:25 PM to 20:30:25). 
19. Python Program for Find largest prime factor of a number. 
20. Python Program for Product of unique prime factors of a number. 
21. Python Program for Find sum of odd factors of a number. 
22. Python Program to Check if binary representation is a palindrome. 
23. Python Program for Number of elements with odd factors in a given range. 
24. Python Program for Common Divisors of Two Numbers. 
25. Python Program to Check if a count of divisors is even or odd. 
26. Python Program to Find the minimum sum of factors of a number. 
27. Python Program to find Difference between sums of odd and even digits. 
28. Python Program for Largest and Smallest K digit number divisible by X. 
29. Python Program to calculate the area of a Tetrahedron. 
30. Python Program to Find the perimeter of a cylinder. 
31. Python Program to Find the vertex, focus, and directrix of a parabola. 
32. Python program to find the most occurring character and its count.  